that's why I can hear it from here and the
Xunta wants to kill himself and even if he follows them
blocking the breath is the language of
those who were born killers their fate
will continue to dream, although sometimes it hurts
and I know you left caravan
that the night became more possible each
time the loads were filled
in these afternoons that when I told him
the mouth thought it was the elevator and
when the naked tourist you imagined
the turn then resists with fury
and how it was so pleasant you turned it on
give and instead of saying I love you when
you finished breakfast paid until the
mother answer and she did not understand anything
if someday they understood I want to sleep
that you smoke more than double that is the
daily a thousand times that you take numbers and
you do accounts that you wish evil to the
rivals that you put the radio that
you invite the rapporteur to eat a barbecue and
I asked is a street phrase for
Flag and I spend nights talking about voice
and that's the phrase and it's another excuse for
that the wait will not be eternal there are many
who do not want to hear me from the
suffering from being away damn
the repression that does not let my people
sing you are paying for your greatness
workshops
I am guilty of a reality you will look for the
hug the crowds a nod to the
sky, you take me out to your girl, take your
children on the shoulders give me a thousand times you
I want
You will either believe in yourself or you will not return to
kiss the lost ones that once
are you will do the biggest roast
of the world will take life and fernet up
going crazy relatives will flirt
fought the chetos go to the sergeant and
the blacks will make quilombo without cross the
blonde who plays hockey takes a
mason's pawn and sun bed but
of the country will offer marriage to the
maid the priests will be coherent the
more human doctors do not condemn more
art and me and I may understand that
while I'm with all I'm never going to
to be with one today I come for pleasure and in
alcohol and some other vice I will find
the inspiration so that my story will
make feel here I'm not sure that
can but it is better to try than to die
without feeling your voice rogelio taught me
on those nights that will soon return with
the matador that is what God wants and
God wants me to win workshops